# Artist Statement

As soon as I saw that this project was based on a movie the first one I thought of was Spiderman into the spiderverse. I love everything about the movie; it's plot, it's artstyle and everything about it is so inspiring to me. The tough part was coming up with an idea for the program itself. Eventually I came to this idea of creating your own spiderman-esc character with a character creator program. The idea comes from the movie's plot as there are multiple different copies of our world each one with it's own unique spiderman, or spider woman. The movie itself shows quite a few different designs, most of which I included in my program. This idea allows for the user to be creative with creating their own spiderman suit, creating their own character and even their own universe. I personally find that this would be a program I would use as I love making my own characters and creating my own universes. When I was younger I made plenty of characters based on games, TV shows, etc to immerse myself into the story. That was another reason I fell in love with this idea as I thought this program would be a good way to share that interest.
The program itself includes 3 designs from the movie and one unique design I made up. Each design is split into 4 categories, base suit, eyes, chest symbol and extras to allow the user to customize their suit as much as possible. The program can be updated and improved constantly by adding more designs into the program for users to have more options. The user can create many different suits each with their own idea behind it. I also decided to add a more technological take on the program to make it feel like its one of those futuristic screens. The voice recognition and voice control is also used to make it feel more futuristic. This was again inspired by the movie as there is a scene where the characters show off a high-tech basement where the suits are kept and created. I wanted to recreate that as if you were making the suit in that same basement.
